added a description in the CHANGELOG file about the validation task (#1141)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue where the **validate** command failed to validate the release notes of beta integrations.
* Updated the **upload** command to support indicator fields.

> * Added a validation that some specific fields in the yml file is not changed from true to false, or totally removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation that integration properties are not removed (feed, mappers, mirroring).
```

Reviewer 2: `* Added a validation that integration properties (such as feed, mappers, mirroring, etc) are not removed.`
